Hi, I'm Andrea, your virtual onboarding
specialist with the BMH Group.
Thank you for being here. The fact that you
are watching this means you have made a
decision to do something that
matters. Not just a job. Not just a role.
Something that genuinely changes people's
lives.
We are glad you are with us at BMH Group,
and we mean that.
Before we get into the training, we want you
to understand something important.
The people you are going to be talking to
are not
just names in a CRM. They are real people
carrying real burdens.
And the way you show up for them
matters more than any script or technique we
could ever teach you.
The work you are stepping into is
not what most people picture when they think
about real estate.
You are not going to be showing homes.
You are not going to be negotiating on
behalf of buyers who have options and time on
their side. You are going to be talking to
families in the middle of some of the hardest
moments of
their lives. A foreclosure. A loss.
A property that became too much to carry.
A situation they have been trying
to figure out for months with no clear
answer in sight.
And you are going to help them find a way
through it.
How? The BMH Group buys houses for cash, as
is.
So a homeowner who needs speed and certainty
can move on
without repairs, agents, or months of
waiting.
That's the tool. This training is about how
you use it.
That is fulfilling work.
Real work. The kind that stays with you long
after the call ends and long
after the deal closes.
There is a lot you will learn in this
training.
The ideal prospect. The offer.
The process. The objections.
How to qualify a seller.
How to present a cash offer.
How to handle the moments
when a conversation gets hard.
You will also have a script and that script
is a valuable tool.
It gives you structure, confidence, and a
clear path through every conversation.
But here is the
truth about what actually makes someone
exceptional at this work.
It is not the script. The script tells
you what to say. But the best reps know when
to put the script down and just listen.
When to slow down.
When to ask one more question instead of
moving to the next line.
The most powerful thing you can
develop is the ability to lead a homeowner
to the best possible path for their
situation. Not our path. Maybe not our
company.
Their path. When you sit in a conversation
with a distressed
seller and you are genuinely focused on
understanding what they need and not just
pushing them toward a yes,
something shifts. They feel it.
They trust you. And trust is what moves a
deal forward more than
anything else ever will.
The best closers at BMH Group are not the
ones who follow the script
perfectly. They are the ones who know when
to set it down and just be present with the
person on the other end of the phone. In the
training ahead, you will learn exactly who
our sellers are, what we
offer them, how our process works, and how
to handle the conversations that feel the
hardest. But carry this with you through
every module.
You are not here to sell.
You are here to consult
and provide options. Never pushy.
Never desperate. You are here to help
families overcome difficult
situations and walk away with clarity,
certainty, and the ability to move
forward. That is the
mission. Everything else is just the skill
set that makes you better at it.
Welcome and we are